hi to all friends difference ever saint
iphone gobain and touch aido 2 for
unboxing thank you so print of
others because we have been in evidence
we have more to pack and see what
inside is obviously the terminal
in these cases black color
chocolate in the top of the pack
manuals still here then power supply
with usb input and micro sd usb cable
headphones in out of the average quality
however he will find it rock and video in the
transfers as they go here's the phone
we remove the newsstand
we have 5 inches but i size
they seem very struggling to have a
display so great even the weight me
it looks very good indeed it is only 128
grams
the height of 3 cm 7 cm wide e
only 7.3 mm thickness practically the
dimensions on which an iphone 6 for
mean slightly more often but
we really light it up very little
in the meantime, however, a few features at
high school 5 inch display is a bit hd
then a 50 x 960 pixel ips with 220
so not many pixels per inch
defined the processor I have not found of
which brand is a bit of gas contagion
it could be a media but also a
qualcomm however went to the single of
can repeat myself if both camera
8-megapixel camera with LED flash autofocus e
2 megapixels and front we should have
also the derby in low co notifications
we find the backlit keys home
back and options I can still say the
color a moment really very beautiful
camera in the meantime with flash
alcatel logo right side sends a
rocker of the volume he knows if
the lower block unlocking experiment
the pallante nut crates with entrance
micro usb left side slots for
pearls since telephoned to 16 gb
internal memory expandable in gb
between a 2,000-mile pedestrian battery
movable we say that there is also one
mono sim version with 8 gigabytes of
internal demon expandable but in Italy
I think the arrivals are the ones at
battery and sky as you can see not
turn on however I am almost tried me
it would seem an interesting terminal if
you have any particular questions do me even
in the comments they give us the next videos
a software in space thought hello